My original plan was to catch up on the time lost due to adverse circumstances la st semester during the Christmas break. Unfortunately, it has now become clear to me that I will not be able to finish the project before the scheduled deadline.

The primary reason I am submitting this Good Cause claim is that my phone, as well as, most likely, my laptop, was hacked last year. This resulted in me not being able to use my either phone or laptop until the middle of November - I only set up a (new) GitHub account (https://github.com/Jan961), to create a repository for my project, on 14th November. The issue with my phone and laptop affected all my courses but especially the individual project. My supervisor has been aware of this from the beginning and during one of our first meetings advised me to submit a good cause claim. After this issue dragged on for longer than I had anticipated I also notified my Advisor of Studies - who at the time was ?. One of the reasons I was reluctant to make a Good Cause claim at the time was that I was unable to present any supporting evidence. Unfortunately, this has not changed and I can only ask you to believe my account of the situation.

Completing the project is important to me not least because of its significance for finding internships and employment. Since in the last 2 pandemic years my academic performance has suffered, I realise how important it is for me to make up for it somehow this year. Despite the issue described above, as well as other personal challenges that are not strictly the subject of this claim, as they were not outside my control to the same extent and I have no documentary evidence for them in any case, I have largely succeeded in relation to my other modules. I received at least an A5 for all my assignments so far (apart from the PSI exam, the grades for which have been cancelled for all students). Unfortunately, I will not be able to do the same for my project in the scheduled time. 

Having now put the hacking issue long behind me, having overcome or made very significant progress on many other challenges and finally, having developed my ideas about the project, I know, that if given more time, I will be able to include in it  some serious, advanced-level work, that I find genuinely interesting, that will allow me to present my project without embarrassment and that will help me to represent the University and its Computing Science department well, after and before graduation. 